D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.config
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe.config
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Owin.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Extensions.Compression.Core.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.AspNet.WebApi.Extensions.Compression.Server.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.dll.config
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.Runtime.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\JavaXmlDataValidator.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.config
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe.config
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.Runtime.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\JavaXmlDataValidator.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Owin.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Extensions.Compression.Core.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.AspNet.WebApi.Extensions.Compression.Server.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.WebApi.dll.config
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\NLog.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\bin\Debug Console\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.exe
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.Service\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.Service.pdb
