D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\NLog.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.pdb
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\NLog.xml
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
D:\Solutions\fgis_usmt\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\NLog.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\Autofac.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.pdb
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\AutoMapper.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\bin\Debug Console\NLog.xml
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.dll
d:\XmlDataValidator\XmlDataValidator.BLL\obj\Debug Console\XmlDataValidator.BLL.pdb
